# MoM - WebRTC Working group - 240227

**Date:** 27/Feb/2024

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica) 
* Javier Villa (Telefónica) 
* Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom) 
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile USA) 
* Santiago Troncoso (Quobis)



## Agenda

WebRTC working group CAMARA Meeting. Review the diferrents Pull Request

## Discussion

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
|Issue 1: Update BYON-CallHandling Session | Ricardo and Javier | Reviwed and updated the BYON-CallHandling code. Add 201 (created) response as indicated in HTTP guidelines for a 201 in the PUT session .|
|Issue 2: Update BYON flow doc | Santiago  | To be added some missing arrows. Include POST and DELETE of the notification channel flow in the Channel URL (RACM API).<br> Add autonumbers in the UML format. Review the updated flow doc. Suggest to close the last doc open by Javier and continue with the new one. Separate the doc in two files.
|Issue 3: Review API response | Ricardo and Deepak | PUT response to comply with JSON format [Issue#24](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/24). Fix description and provide some samples for the clarification. Provide a sample in POST too
|Issue 4: RACM Session |Deepak | Change session names because some session id names may lead into confusion and URL return -> Session id. <br>The idea is not to create different channels as an app so to the Web RTC gateway we provide this channel and the Web RTC would deliver this notification to this notification channel either using the web book. If the webook web RTC is aware internally about the channel it could use the ID and get how to deliver to the channel. PNS to be explored |


## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Review BYON PlantUML flow [PR#27](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/27) | all|
| 2. Review and accept the minutes [PR#20](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/20) | Sushanth and Padreep|
| 3. Keep on working in call flow. To be added some missing arrows. [PR#27](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/27)| Ricardo and Santiago |
| 4. Disccuss Emergency calls [Issue#25](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/25) | all |
| 5. Correct 201 response (status) [Issue#24](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/24) | Ricardo |
| 6. RACM session names Pull Request and url to SessionId [PR#29](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/27) | Deepak |

## AOB

  * Next meeting will be the *12th of March*

