# MoM - WebRTC Working group - 240213

**Date:** 13/Feb/2024

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica) 
* Pedro Jose Gutierrez (Telefónica)
* Javier Villa (Telefónica) 
* Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom) 
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile USA) 
* Pradeep Achar Pushpa (Mavenir) 
* Sushanth Hegde (Mavenir)



## Agenda

WebRTC working group CAMARA Meeting

## Discussion

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
|Issue 1: Emergency calls | Ricardo and Deepak | Location feature to be stablished  at the Operator Network not in GateWay. <br> ¿It is optional to provide a location parameter? YES. <br> Get the location in this device model (not tipical mobile device) could be more difficult. It doesnt have location capabilities (such as GPS, or cellular location).<br> If no location provided user might need to provide it and maybe store it in a separate file to be consulted.|
|Issue 2: Update BYON flow doc | Ricardo <br> Javier <br> Santiago | To be added some missing arrows. Include POST and DELETE of the notification channel flow in the Channel URL (RACM API).<br> Add autonumbers in the UML format
|Issue 3: Review API response | Ricardo and Deepak | PUT response to comply with JSON format [Issue#24](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/24) 
|Issue 5: RACM Session |Deepak | Change session names because some session id names may lead into confusion and URL return - Session id |




## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Review BYON PlantUML flow [PR#21](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/21) | all|
| 2. Review and accept the minutes [PR#20](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/20) | Sushanth and Padreep|
| 3. Correct the documentation BYON flow. PUT response to RACH. Make a proposal to change [PR#21](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/21)| Ricardo and Santiago |
| 4. Disccuss Emergency calls [Issue#25](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/25)| all |
| 5. PUT response to comply with JSON format [Issue#24](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/24) | Ricardo |
|6. RACM session names Pull Request and url to SessionId |Deepak

## AOB

  * Next meeting will be the *27th of February*