# MoM - WebRTC Working group - 240116

**Date:** 16/Jan/2024

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica) 
* Pedro Jose Gutierrez (Telefónica)
* Javier Villa (Telefónica) 
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile US) 
* Pradeep Achar Pushpa (Mavenir) 
* Sushanth Hegde (Mavenir)
* Delon Maxime (Orange)
* Santi Troncoso (Quobis)
* Jesus Pedruelo (Vodafone)


## Agenda

1.WebRTC working group CAMARA Meeting

## Discussion

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
|Comments about general issues commented by Benjamin <ol> <li> Review GET status session and look if is mandatory <li> Documentation to clarify who use the API <li> Change status when create a session, the status must not be entered <li> Create a specific yaml file for notification | Orange | Summarize in a pull request all coments did by Benjamin
| Commiting to implement API? | Telefonica<br> Orange<br> Vodafone<br> | Commited to implement but there is not a implementation plan in short time scope |

In general: Recap all the issues and make and example thorugh a PR in order to diiscuss over this. 



## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Check internally new features for the API  | all |
| 2. Recap all the issues comented in a pull request | Delon/Benjamin (Orange)|
| 3. Documentation and flows API usage | Santi Troncoso (Quobis) & Ricardo Serrano (Telefonica) |


## AOB

* Next meeting will be the *30th of January*


---------------------------------------------
